So friends, ICICI LBRD has disclosed its Quarter 4
numbers.  So let's
see what's inside the Quarter 4 numbers.
But before that, let me tell you that today
in the company's vote meeting, the company
was also going to announce dividend to you
and the dividend has been announced by the company at the rate of ₹7 per share.
Let's look at the company's numbers.
I'm telling you in the cross in Data Lacks.
So, if we talk about the last quarter,
in the last quarter the company had
generated income of around Rs 5882 crore.   If we
talk about last year, it was around Rs 5165 crore,
whereas if you look at it now,
you can see it increasing to Rs 5851 crore.
So if you look here,
you can see the total income of the company increasing year after year.  There has been a
slight decline on a quarterly basis.
But basically you do
not have to judge much here because
more than the total revenue,
they look at the net premium income of the company.  So see,
in the last quarter the company generated Rs 545 crore,
last year it was around Rs 4368 crore,
whereas if you look at it now, you can see it increasing to Rs 5225 crore.
So as the years go by,
you will see a significant increase in the net premium income of the company year after year.  You can almost say that
you have seen a jump of around 1819%.
Whereas if we go on quarterly basis,
here also we
can say that there is an increase of around 3.5% in the net premium income of the company.
So if you look at the net income of the company,
you will see it increasing in this quarter.
Both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, which
is a bit of a surprise here because the market believed
that it would increase year-on-year, but on a quarterly
basis, the company's net premium income may be
seen falling.  Because the
market estimate was
around Rs 4650 crore.  So if you look here,
you can see better here.  Can do.  This is
better than what the market had anticipated.  Where the market was feeling
that it would fall on quarterly basis.  Here
you get to see it grow, which is a
good thing.  Let us see what the company's expenses are.
So see,
in the last quarter the company spent Rs 900-960 crore,
sorry yes, the company spent Rs 960 crore,
sorry please forgive me.  If we
look at the last quarter, the
company had spent around Rs 1.5 crore in the last quarter.   If
we look at last year, the company spent around Rs 9.57 crore,
whereas in this quarter it spent around Rs 7.5 crore. If we
look at the expenses, the
company seems to be in control of the expenses to a great extent.
Let us
see what the profit of the company turns out to be.  So
see, in the last quarter the company was
in profit of Rs 724 crore.  If you look at last year, it was
around Rs 519 crore, whereas if you look at it now,
you saw Rs 59 crore going away.  So if you
look here,
you will see a decline of around 2% year on year.  Whereas if we
go on quarterly basis, here also
you will see a significant decline, you
can almost say that you saw a decline of around 30%.
So you got to see a surprise here too.  For
example, there was a surprise in revenue
that it should have fallen on a quarterly basis
but it has increased.  But the
surprise here is that the company's profit is falling year after year.
Whereas the market
was expecting that it would see an increase here.
So here you are getting a negative surprise
because the company made a
profit of around ₹59 crores whereas the
market estimate was ₹600 crores.  If we look here, the
company's profit is seen to be weaker than the market expectations and is
also seen to be falling.
Talking about EPS, see, in the last quarter it was
around ₹1.5, last year it was around ₹1.5,
whereas if you look at it now,
you can see it going around ₹10.30.  So
even if you look at EPS, you see it
falling quarter after quarter year after year.  So
overall, if we look at it, you can call it a weak number
because the revenue is fine.   The
revenue is better.  You have seen
better than market expectations and quarterly
growth year after year.  But if we
look at the profit, a big
decline was seen in the profit.  While the market
estimate was around Rs 600 crore, the company has
only shown around Rs 500 crore.  So
a huge negative impact is being
seen here.  The revenue
is good but you are seeing weak profits.
So that's all for today.  If you
like the video then please like it.
Also, please subscribe to the channel.
Thank you.